So for supervisors who are unable or unwilling to get feedback, Well,
let's do different camps. If a supervisor is unable to give feedback
on your leadership, then that just means that you just get someone
else. Um, they can't. For some reason, maybe they're too busy. Maybe
they're not there at the time. Um, maybe that's not their specialty.
For whatever reason, Uh, it's very important for you to always get
feedback on the quality work that you're doing, so it just doesn't
have to be from him. Um, there's someone above him that you can go to.
There are other people that he worked that he works with, that you
can go to them. And there's also your fellow compatriots. Like if
someone has done that job before, even though they're not a supervisor,
um, they could still give you quality feedback that you can use
in your own career if they're unwilling to, uh, that could be a different
type of problem. Um, for the Navy, I'm pretty sure that most supervisors
that I've encountered are always willing to lend a hand and
give you feedback. But if they're unable, if they're unwilling to
them, that's, ah deeper problem that you might need toe bring up a
little bit higher